BigAnimal: updates to extensions topics related to BAH (#4292)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/extensions.mdx

---
title: "Managing Postgres extensions"
redirects: 
 - /biganimal/release/using_cluster/03_modifying_your_cluster/extensions
---

BigAnimal supports many Postgres extensions. See [Postgres extensions available by deployment](/pg_extensions/) for the complete list.

> You need superuser privileges to install most extensions on BigAnimal. The table in [Postgres extensions available by deployment](/pg_extensions/) indicates whether an extension requires superuser privileges. If you are using your own cloud account, you can grant superuser privileges to edb_admin so that you can install these extensions on your cluster (see [superuser](/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/01_postgres_access/#superuser)). If you are using BigAnimal's account, you can't install the extensions that require superuser access. 

Reviewer: This isn't the case, exactly, and as noted elsewhere I don't think we should be referring to that table - it's kinda confusing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many Postgres extensions require superuser privileges to be installed. If you are using your own cloud account, you can grant superuser privileges to edb_admin so that you can install these extensions on your cluster (see [superuser](/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/01_postgres_access/#superuser)). If you are using BigAnimal's cloud account, where superuser in unavailable, some extensions can be installed with the pg_ba_admin role instead. See the table below for details.
```

Reviewer: We should include here the list of BigAnimal-supported extensions that require superuser, and which are available to install on BAH.

Author: Is the list of extensions available on BAH those that don't require superuser?

Author: Reverting this change for now - until we decide what approach we are taking

Author: Committed this change with the reference to the extensions table added back in.
